we'll be desperate to get back to
winning ways having seen their unbeaten
start to the season ended at Coventry in
midweek
put it on by Mooney and a bar go into
the penalty area chance here for Cox
brilliant save by Colleen and a second
time how did that stay at least be
nothing the goalkeeper could do that
time and Kevin Lisbie puts Leyton Orient
in France
12 goals in 15 appearances now for Kevin
Lisbie James with the free kick
defending reverse behind for a corner
and he plays forward for late norian and
to get them such a second goal and the
header from Vince a lot he's just over
the top Kieran a guard just inside him
treble there as well a guide might go on
his own hit the target though Mooney
it's given away to Pringle who started
to run things through midfield a pen
Pringle revel hey guard
give it away though bye Kari Arnason
chance macaques it's another brilliant
stop by calling one handy going the
wrong way and somehow he's got a strong
hand on that it was come a long way out
she was pressured
I jayden Stockley hiscox across field of
the bar to another bonus basics on a
poncho
Corrine again who makes the save
just about me that copter taking his
time over the corner he'll play short we
Marvin Bartley he just runs the final
few seconds off the clock Leyton Orient
do get back to winning ways like one
here by a gaunt Anil